is there anybody going to listen to my
story all about the girl who came to
stay as a stranger to our shores the
least I can do is offer you some Ivy
League hospitality
this is Jude this is my sister I caught
you
you have perfect teeth
well how you gonna do if you talk about
to college what any irresponsible
unmotivated dropout we do go to New York
like tonight
it's your party all right but I hope so
all right just want to get your eyes
right
as blissful as you two are in the throes
of young love I got a date with Uncle
Sam
in the middle of a resolution shoot and
what are you doing doodles and cartoons
I'm sorry I'm not the man with the
megaphone but this is what I do
Hey Jude don't make it bad take a sad
song and make it better remember to let
her into your music the only thing that
makes sense to me go around stop play
louder dumb
keeps the demons epic
gonna change my world nothing's gonna
change
you don't make it bad